Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
An intense  search
continues here
in the High Country.
The victim has been identified
as missing Melbourne woman.
Jean Grierson.  a
66 year old retiree
who disappeared while hiking
the Mount Buller to Stirling
trail four months ago.
Her decomposing remains...
This comes  on the
heels of the death of.
Melbourne obstetrician.
Dr. Patrick Haber...
Here you go. Sarge.
Long way from the trail.
Hmm. about 15 ks.
You think who ever  killed
her moved the body?
Why move it and not bury it?
Maybe they were  counting
on it being eaten.
Or. they wanted it to be found.
I'm joined  by
Assistant Commissioner
Assistant Commissioner.
Jo Kramer from Melbourne.
This is the second death
in the area in recent days.
Are you surprised by
this turn of events?
This incident  occurred
four months ago.
It's completely unrelated to
the events surrounding
Dr. Haber.
Sure. but if we  go
back 12 months ago.
what about the missing
man.  Michael Novak?
You're concerned that perhaps
he'd been met with foul play?
I'm not here  to
speculate on that.
Okay. thank you  so
much for your time.
I'm Aaron Young. reporting from
the small High Country
town of Brokenridge.
where it turns out pitching
a tent on a picturesque bluff
could be the last
thing  you ever...
Okay. thanks.
Coroner said the weapon
was a 37 millimetre
hunting knife with
a serrated top edge.
They found the broken tip lodged
in the victim's collarbone.
Hmm. must have
been a cheap knife.
Okay. well let's get your
psychic in for questioning.
I reckon we need more before
we let on he's a suspect.
- Heads up.
- How are you Andie?
Morning Mayor.  How are you. Jo?
Good. thanks. How's
the family settling in?
Ah. yeah. good.
Good. because I want
you to head this up.
What? Sergeant Whitford
has no local knowledge.
Your local knowledge
didn't help you find
the woman's body did it. Steve?
Give Andie anything she needs.
Another coffee'd
be nice. Steven.
There's woods.
A forest. it's dark. you're...
You're trapped in them.
Is this another metaphor?
Are you telling me I'm
still not out of the woods?
If it's about money.  I'm
taking steps to remedy that.
I hired a bookkeeper.
There's a...
There's a shadow
over you. Rose.
Some kind of dark cloud.
like a...
A threat.
Has anyone made any
threats against you?
Oh. there was a guy I.
I had to scare him
off with my shotgun.
Jesus. Rose.
If it's him. I
can deal with it.
I'm sorry. that's all
I can tell you for now.
What should I do?
Keep that shotgun handy.
You seen the news?
Pretty incredible.
don't you think.
where they found her?
I saw that drawing.
In the dark hollow of a tree.
on the Black Horse Trail. right
near two rivers converging.
What?
No! No. that was about
the missing doctor.
You put her there
didn't you. Damien?
You killed her and
dumped her body.
dumped her body
just like you did
with young Luke.
No. I didn't.
Then how did you
know she was there?
So much for a change of pace.
I hear the Assistant
Commissioner came up.
- Did she put you in charge?
- Yeah.
Ah. I figured she would. You
do know he did it. don't you?
Balls on that guy.
I need to pick your brains.
How long did you spend
on the Grierson case.
on the Grierson case
before you closed it?
Oh. two months.
And you didn't find
anything to suggest.
Damien might've been involved?
- Ahh. do you want one?
- No thanks.
What about her family.
friends. contacts.
anyone that sticks out as
having a possible motive?
She's a single woman.
recently retired. lived alone.
We checked her
background.  connections.
Zero rabbit holes.
Case was a dead end.
classified misadventure.
But she was an
experienced hiker.
Been coming up here for years...
You step off that trail.  you
get lost in five minutes.
doesn't matter who you are.
Except she didn't. get lost.
Why would Damien
come forward now?
Particularly after what
happened  with Luke Samson?
Ego!
Wants to insert himself
into the investigation.
That's how these fuckers
get their kicks.
I confronted him with it.
but he's so full of it...
What do you mean you
confronted him with it?
- About that drawing.
- When?
Just now. pretended he didn't
know what I was talking about.
That's great. Sam.
My one advantage was he
didn't know that his drawing
led us to the
discovery of the body.
The only way to deal
with his bullshit
is to confront him head on.
I know this fella. Andie.
I've been on his
tail  for five years.
That's not a crime board.
That's an obsession.
You're supposed to be retired.
For God's sake. go fishing.
Ahh. Jesus Christ.
Hey Reza.
Just had a call from
Bryan Harris. Sarge.
Says his wife. Claire. went on
a trail ride with her sister.
but her horse came
home without her.
- Has he talked to the sister?
- I don't know.
- How long has she been gone?
- Four days.
What?
- When Haber was on the loose?
- Harris is pretty upset.
Okay. go get the statement
and find out what's going on.
Can you send Brett.  Harris
doesn't like me much.
Just get the statement. Reza.
What's the diagnosis?
From what I can see. not good.
We lost a lot of income
over the last few years.
I hope it's not that bad.
Well. I have a suggestion.
You have this source of extra
income from the cottages.
You could charge a lot more
for them. Double the rate even.
I couldn't do that.
Might help you claw
back some of the losses.
I want it to be affordable
so everyone can enjoy it.
That's nice. but it won't do
you  any good if you go broke.
Oh. don't look so worried.
we've been here before.
Something always turns up.
And right now. that's lunch.
Now it's a bit of a walk.
but trust me it's
worth it.  promise.
- Can I take that?
- Thanks. darling.
Oh!
- Wow!
- I thought you'd like it.
- Hi guys.
- Rose.
That's Robbie and Tim.
They're from Melbourne.
They rent the small cottage
a couple of times a year.
I love being able to
offer  space to artists.
Oh God knows. the art
community's done it tough.
That's why I keep the
rates low. to support them.
I have a confession.
I was curious.
so I Googled you.
That's why you know
all about perspective.
That was a long time ago.
Well this is perfect.
The big cottage is free.
I don't have any
other bookings.
You could use it as a
studio.  free of charge.
There's even some canvases.
Thanks. but I  don't
paint anymore.
Hey Damien.
Hey Bernice. hey Daisy.
how's school going?
Good.
How you going with your appeal?
Well. I'm waiting on
a  letter as we speak.
My lawyer told me to expect
something this week.
Good luck. I hope they
give you your job back.
Thanks. Bernice.
- Bye. Daisy.
- Bye.
What have you got?
Owen Cooper was doing
some maintenance
up at Newman's Hut
and found this gear.
including Claire
Harris's  jacket.
Any sign of Claire?
Well Brett's gone up there  to
have a look around for her.
Harris spoke to
Claire's sister.
She didn't know anything
about a trail ride.
Hasn't spoken to
Claire  in a few weeks.
When did you say  Harris
last saw his wife?
Well. Claire left
home  on Saturday.
the morning after
Sam's retirement bash.
She bought all this on
Friday.  from Damien Starc.
Oh. that'd be right. You  never
know what he's going AWOL.
- Is he closed a lot?
- Yeah. shits me.
- What about Saturday?
- No. the bugger was shut.
Useless prick.
- Hey Sarge.
- You up at the Hut?
Yeah. we're about to head
out for a general search.
- I want you to secure the site.
- Why?
In case it turns
into a crime scene.
- What?
- Harris there?
- Yeah.
- Don't say anything to him.
Who's that?
- Radzivil.
- Who's he?
He's a Chieftain
of the Goremangle.
- What does he do?
- Well. he was once a wizard.
but he pledged his soul
to the Bedlam Gods
in exchange for
increased magical power.
- How many points is he?
- 50.
- How come?
- He's a special knight.
He's ruthless and feared.
Not just because of his
great skill in combat.
but also because  of
his magical weapon.
Where is it?
It's a secret weapon.  He
keeps it under his cloak.
Can I see it?
Well. I can't  show
you out there.
We don't want
everyone to see it.
Kayden! What do you
think you're doing?
You! Stay away from my kid.
You lay a finger on him. I will
rip your fucking head off.
Move.
You boys know where
Damien Starc lives.
- Yeah. he's over there.
- Thanks.
- G'day. mate.
- G'day.
I went to your shop.
but it was shut.
Business was slow.
I decided to take
the afternoon off.
Why didn't you tell
me  I was right?
My vision.
You said it was about Haber.
Well it's not like
an exact science.
but it does prove
that I'm psychic.
Or it ties you
to another crime.
I've never been
charged with anything.
Yeah? Tell me about
Jean Grierson?
The woman whose body
we found two days ago.
Did she go into your shop
before she went missing?
Why are you asking me that?
- All those clues you gave me.
- It's what I saw.
You gave me this map.
You sat in my office
and you drew this.
and that's where
I found her body.
Right where  you
said it would be.
I took a risk coming forward.
I thought that maybe
you'd be different.
Not like some
people  in this town
who treat me like a criminal.
They put human faeces
in my post box.
Why do you stay?
My lawyer said it wouldn't  be
a good look if I left town.
I'm about to get a decision
on my appeal to the
Department of Education.
I've been fighting
them  for five years.
I just want my job back.
Okay.
I'm going to give you an
opportunity to prove yourself.
- Hey!
- You're talking to me now?
- What?
- I texted you. you ghosted me.
I had an issue with my phone.
Well. what are you doing now?
I'm going to hang
with the river kids.
You can join if you want.
Okay.
- What's she doing here?
- She's with me.
Nah. it's the cop's
daughter.  dickhead.
Kill the rep.
Go on. piss off. Scrub.
Pull your head in. Finsta.
Way cooler than you anyway.
Okay.
Well if you want to hang with
us. you got to pass the test.
Test! What sort of test?
Rose. you there?
I'm just heading off
You there. Rose?
The old days.
My husband. Jean-Pierre.
We leased this place in
'72 with a few friends.
It was our dream to create
a haven for artists
to live and work.
We saw ourselves
as the new Heidi.
- Were you an artist?
- Oh no. no!
My role was to
inspire.  and provoke.
Back then I was considered
quite the muse.
It was all very idealistic.
Those were the happiest
years of my life.
Now my life is growing fruit.
At least you got to live
the dream for a while.
Hmm.
I'm off.
How you doing. Bryan?  You okay?
Well I'll be feeling
a lot better
once we get this
show on the road.
- Yeah...
- Thanks for coming.
It's okay. love.
We'll find your mum.
Thanks everyone for coming.
If you could take a
seat.  we'll get started.
For those of you
who don't know me.
I'm Detect...  Sergeant
Andie Whitford.
and the purpose of this meeting
is to upscale the  search
for Claire Harris.
Newman's Hut was  Claire's
last known position.
so we will be coordinating
the search from up there.
We've calculated the
probable search area
within this boundary.
It's a bloody big area
and pretty rugged.
Yeah. and we've got  a
fair bit to cover tonight.
so we'll get on with it.
Can you  just zoom in here.
We'll start with
the south side.
You'll all be searching
on foot in teams of three.
Senior Constable Sweet will be
coordinating from base camp.
He will give each
team  a GPS tracker.
So if you're a team leader.
make sure you get one
from him first thing.
And remember to bring
supplies and camping gear
sufficient for a  three
day overnight trek.
That's it. Any questions?
Yeah. I've got a question.
Is it true that you have brought
that psycho. Damien Starc.
in to help search for my wife?
What?
I'll use any
resources  I can get.
The bloke's a murderer.
We all know what he
did to Luke Samson.
We are not here
to discuss that.
This is about
finding your wife.
Who's to say he didn't
kill that hiker too?
Shut up! You don't  know
what you're talking about.
Leave Damien alone.
There is a murderer out there
and my wife has been missing
for four days. Bernice!
Can everyone please calm down!
What kind of half-arsed rodeo
are you running here. hey?
Everyone. just let her finish.
Hey Bernice. listen I...
I just want to remind you all
that we have a  missing
person out there
and the clock is ticking.
Sam. Bryan's right. Tell her to
pull her head in. we'll get...
That's enough out
of you.  Scooter.
Don't want to have to escort
you from the building. again.
Alright. meeting's
over.  Go home.
Get a good night's sleep
and meet at the
hut at first light.
Go!
Bryan.
Tammy. wait. look.  I'm
so sorry about that.
but it's not what you think.
Please let me explain.
No. no need.
I'm sure you'll do whatever
you have to. Sergeant.
Do you have to have
a dick around here
to shut this crowd up?
What the hell are you thinking?
That maybe you're right.
Claire Harris was
in Damien's shop
the day before
she went missing.
You think he had something
to do with her disappearance?
Yeah. it's possible he
knew  where she was going
and the day she left.
his shop was shut.
And you want to invite  him
into the investigation.
Told it was a bad idea.
guys a whack-job.
- Ah. so you leaked it to Harris?
- It wasn't me.
Reza's the one here trying
to root his daughter.
You said the Grierson
case was a dead end.
but Claire's
disappearance  is fresh.
If I flush Damien out...
Have you listened  to
anything I've said?
Yeah. you said  he
craves attention.
I can use that to trip him up.
How?
Get him to reveal
forensic details
only someone
involved would know.
That's a terrible idea.
What time's your mum
arriving tomorrow?
They couldn't give
an exact time.
Good meeting?
Oh. I managed to turn
practically the whole town
against me. including
Tammy Samson.
and that's saying something.
How was your day?
Rose shoot anyone?
I did find out all about
the history at the farm.
It's a pretty amazing story.
Fruit picking?
She used to run this sort of
artist commune in the seventies.
There's not much left
of it now except this.
this gorgeous cottage
that she still lets out.
Oh. it's got this great studio.
It's flooded with natural
light.  and oh. the views.
There were a couple of guys
up there today. painting.
You sound envious.
Maybe you're drawn to the place
because you want to paint again.
Wasn't talking about me.
All I mean is you're an
artist.  not a bookkeeper.
And you're a detective.
not a country copper.
You have a choice. I don't.
It's been 15 years  but
it's eating you up.
I know it is.
You just got to give
yourself permission.
It's not a betrayal.
Are you getting  anything?
Any vibes?
Righto. take your time.
How well did you
know Claire Harris?
She comes into  my
shop sometimes.
One of the few locals who does?
- What does she buy?
- Camping supplies.
Like what?
Gas canisters. batteries.
that sort of thing.
Does she tell you
where she's going?
No. but I know that
she goes camping
to get away from her husband.
- Did she tell you that?
- She didn't have to.
She sometimes asks
me  for a reading.
I know that she wasn't
happy in her marriage.
These visions you have. does
it help if you know the person?
I didn't know that hiker.
Has the same thing
happened to Claire?
I don't know. alright.
I can't concentrate.
You keep asking me questions.
She was in your shop
on Friday. wasn't she?
Did she tell you she
was coming here?
- Look. I already told you. no.
- You were shut the next day.
Not all day.  I was
doing stock take.
Has something
happened to Claire?
You're not giving me a chance.
Sorry. boss.
Sarge. there's something out
here you might want to see.
- This better be bloody good.
- Hm-mm.
Oh fuck!
See this down here.
will be Claire's.
and this. I reckon.  is
a roundabout size 12.
Has anyone else been in here.
yesterday. since
you  taped it off?
No. made sure.  and
I've taken photos.
Great. then run them
through the database
for the make and size.
Uh-uh.
I need you to take
Damien back to town.
- Da...
- Yeah.
I appreciate your time.
If any visions do come to you...
Ah. just watch your step there.
Give me a call.
Fuck!
Brokenridge 250  to
Brokenridge 900.
Hey Rez. do we still
have Haber's boots?
Yeah.
Have a look and tell
me  what size they are.
Alright. hang on.
- You there. Sarge?
- Go ahead.
They're True Blues. size 12.
Thanks Rez.
Sergeant Whitford.
I was searching for Mrs.
Harris when I came across him.
He belongs to a rival outfit.
He bolted through the bush.
Something scared
the shit out of him.
Poor bugger. he was distressed.
G'day mate. hey.
Owner says a bloke
from Myrtleford
hired this horse last Saturday.
You can get his
details  from them.
People keep telling me how  easy
it is to disappear up here.
What do you think?
People don't know this country.
They think they do.  but
they underestimate it.
- How dangerous it is?
- How vast.
There are places out there even
my people haven't set foot on.
There's something else
I want to ask you about.
Claire Harris left home
at 7 on horseback.
So she probably got to the
hut around about midday.
We think that Haber
raided a campsite here.
that night around midnight.
Could he have done something
to Claire at the hut first
and then got to this
campsite by that evening?
That's a long shot. Why?
Something just
doesn't sit right.
Oh. this is Aunty Gladys.
Aunty. this is
Sergeant Whitford.
She's the new copper in town.
She's investigating
those missing people.
The Wirrk-Wirrk took them.
Who's your mob?
Um. I don't know.
How come?
My mum's white.
Dad had some indigenous heritage
but he died when I was little
and we lost connection
with his family.
Mum didn't talk about it
and it was something  I
never. er. looked into.
Um. Who. who.  who's
the Wirrk-Wirrk?
Mayiwa wirrk-wirrk
biyadharrabayi bunbunarrik...
There was this old woman.
she stole the children.
Ngandinuk ba bayigonung
wirrk-wirrk ngalambayi...
She was hideous  and wicked.
and she lived in the
bush.  not far from here.
She used to find and keep
the little boys and girls
that had wandered
away from the camp.
So the Kulin.  they
were very sad.
So they asked  their
spirit father.
Bundjil. the Eagle-creator.
to bring the children back.
I saw the eagle  flying
over these hills.
You need to connect  with
your mob Bub. to Country.
because if you don't
know  who your mob are.
you don't know who you are.
The horse was hired by a
bloke called David Miers.
a retired judge
from Myrtleford.
I've just spoken to his
wife.  and guess what?
He was wearing a pair
of size 12 Blundstones
that match the tread of the
prints from the outhouse.
- Not Haber's True Blues?
- No.
This Miers guy.
what's his story?
The wife says he goes on
the fishing trips alone.
but she must know
that's not true.
because she gave me
the code to his phone
and I charged it up.
Check it out.
He's fucking useless.  You
want me to get in there?
Yeah. go for it.
You found my wife?
Not yet. why aren't
you out looking?
All my other farmhands are up
there. I've got a ranch to run.
Do you know a Judge  David
Miers. from Myrtleford?
- Should I?
- He's missing too.
His phone and other evidence
puts him together with
your wife at Newman's Hut.
Hang on.  What are
you suggesting?
Did you know your wife
was having an affair?
Crap!
Is that what you were arguing
about the night of Sam's party?
No. it was about her
going on a trail ride
when that crazy Haber
was on the loose.
But I'll tell you what. you
spread that bullshit around town
and I'll have your job.
I can't guarantee
it won't get out.
there have been a few
leaks from my station.
Well there's no way in hell
that my wife's cheating on me.
Wait!
These are text messages between
Claire and David Miers.
It's his phone.
I'm sorry.
Get off my property.
Find my wife.
Go ahead. Reza.
Damien?
Damien!
What the hell happened?
Damien!  Who did this?
I did.
You want to tell me
what's going on?
You know. I used
to be respected.
People trusted me
with their children.
I loved those kids.
I loved teaching.
That's all I ever wanted to do.
And now look at me.
I'm nobody.
You're helping me
find Claire Harris.
You're not nobody.
Hey Mum.
Hey. you must be Andrea. I'm
Hannah. we spoke on the phone.
How are you. Mum?
- The waitresses are useless.
- Waitresses?
They haven't given me
anything to drink.
Did you order Scotch or a wine?
Ha!
They wouldn't serve decent
wine in a place like this.
Who called the police?
It's Andie. Mum.
It can be really hard when
they don't recognise you.
Yeah. I haven't seen
her for a few weeks.
but she seems to have
really deteriorated.
Oh. that can happen
following a relocation.
but she'll settle in.
She doesn't know me. but she
remembers she likes a drink.
Once an alky. always an alky.
Uh. I'll do that tomorrow
morning. Kirra's going to help.
- Where is Kirra?
- She's studying with a friend.
I told you she'd  make
friends in no time.
They're bringing her home.
Are you grieving
about your Mum?
It's not just about losing her.
It's also my connection to
my dad and my childhood.
I met this indigenous
woman today.
and she asked me
who my mob was.
And she said if you don't
know who your mob are.
you don't know who you are.
I know who you are.
And keep an eye out  on
those clouds though.
with chances of
scattered showers
towards the end of the week.
But nothing too heavy to
spoil your outdoor plan.
And for our snow enthusiasts...
Jesus Christ!
Somewhere in there.
you know who I am.
Andie?
See ya.
Hey. you were
supposed to help me.
Sorry. slept in.
- I'll give you a lift.
- All good. bye.
Are you okay?
Ah. I didn't sleep too well.
Had the weirdest dream.
I thought there
was  a dingo in it.
but that was real.  It
was in the backyard.
Maybe that's what
killed Grant's sheep.
Should we be worried?
Yep.
What?
Okay. on my way.
I got to go.  Thanks
for unpacking.
Finally!
Why didn't you call
me  when it happened?
Oh. CFA put it out last night.
There's no need to bother you.
Where's Damien?
No sign of him  by
the time I arrived.
Molotov cocktail.
Bag it all up.
Could jag a print off this
glass if we're lucky.
You reckon Bryan Harris was
behind this. via the Mason boys?
Oh. that'd be jumping
to conclusions.
Hmm.
Question everyone around here.
maybe they saw something.
Who cares about the psycho? I'm
needed on the search for Claire.
You've done enough. for Harris.
One more leak out of you and
I'll have you up on charges.
Get over it. Brett.
I'm not the enemy here.
The way I see it.
we either work together or
you can look for another job.
Heading into town?
Benalla. to pick up some
seedlings. How are you going?
Pretty much done.
All your financial data
is now on a spreadsheet.
I can walk you
through the program.
and you'll be self-sufficient.
If you leave your invoice.
I'll pay it tomorrow.
Ah Rose. I was thinking about
your offer to use the cottage.
but not for free.
How about instead
of that invoice?
I hope you're not doing it out  of
some misguided sense of charity.
Likewise.
Oh. well it's a deal.
Great.
Hmm.
It's all right for some.
- Where's the six-pack?
- I'm here on business.
Pity.
You find Claire Harris?
You heard about
Damien's caravan?
So now he's disappeared
and my whole strategy's
up shit creek.
He's not at his shop.  I've
already put out a KALOF.
Any idea where he might go?
Well. if he's done
something to Claire
and that other bloke. the
judge.  then he's escalating.
Yeah. I don't know
what to think.
I was feeling a
bit  sorry for him.
Better hope to find him
before he hurts someone else.
Press play. Subtitles appear.
200+ languages. One app:  tryray.app